.
- In the criminal justice
system.
sexually based offenses
are considered
especially heinous.
In New York City.
the dedicated detectives
who investigate
these vicious felonies
are members of an elite squad
known as
the Special Victims Unit.
These are their stories.
- Notice your breath
as it flows gently
in and out of your body.
Let your chest rise
and fall...
[distant indistinct shouting]
- Are you kidding me?
- If your thoughts wander.
simply refocus your mind on
your breathing.
[shouting continues]
[tranquil music]
- Namaste my ass.
[shouting continues]
- What the hell are you doing?
I can hear you in here!
- No. you're so annoying!
- Look. we have rules.
Mackenzie. you know that!
- Well. I don't need rules.
They're stupid!
- Hey! You're not going
to have this!
- If Mom were here--
- She is not here! I am!
- I'll give you no Snapchat.
but my phone?
- You lost the privilege. okay?
And it's not coming back!
What are you doing?
- Cook your own dinner!
- Do not throw that!
[glass shatters]
- I hate you!
You're so annoying!
- God damn it!
- Are you serious?
Look at what you did!
- Stop. stop!
[screams]
[tense music]
- [sighs]
It's nothing really.
- Well. that's not what
your neighbor says.
- Yeah. well.
she's a nosy bitch.
always butting in
where she's not wanted.
- That's enough.
- Are you going to arrest us?
- It--it's just
a big misunderstanding.
- A lot of blood and broken
glass for a misunderstanding.
- If you just let me
call Chase.
- Did he hit you?
- I don't know.
Can I have my phone back?
- Garrett Howard and
his step-daughter.
Mackenzie Tolliver. 13.
Neighbor said she was screaming
bloody murder.
- Where's Mom?
- I didn't think to ask.
It's more up your alley
anyway.
- You suspect child abuse?
- There was evidence
of a fight.
She wouldn't say
if she was hurt
and Dad cut himself on
some glass.
Figured I'd bring 'em both
here to get checked out.
- Okay. we'll take it
from here.
Mr. Howard. Mackenzie.
I'm Lieutenant Benson.
Uh. this is Detective Carisi.
- What do you want?
- Mr. Howard. why do--why don't
you come talk to me over here?
- So Mackenzie--
- Lieutenant.
you saved me a call.
If you have a minute.
- Okay.
Give me a moment.
I'll be right back.
What's going on?
- I think we may have
a problem.
- What kind of problem?
- The girl was pretty
hysterical when she came in.
- Okay. did she say
what was wrong?
- Well. I tried to give her
something to calm her down.
She refused to take it.
- Because?
- She thought it
would hurt her baby.
- You're kidding me.
She's 13 years old.
- Thirteen and pregnant.
♪
[dramatic music]
- It's my fault. right?
I should've been stricter?
- Well. you can't lock them
in their rooms. Mr. Howard.
- Why not?
- Do you have any idea
who the father might be?
- She didn't tell me
she was pregnant.
Why would she tell me
who the father is?
- Did Mackenzie
have a boyfriend?
- Not that I know of.
- Did she ever mention
any boys?
Maybe somebody she went
to school with.
could've been somebody
she met online.
- What do I know about
raising a girl?
You know. it was stupid
to think that
I could replace Angela.
- Is that her mother?
- Yeah.
She passed two years ago.
We were only married
for a short period of time.
[sighs]
- So it's--it's just been
you two alone
for the past few years?
- I know you have to ask.
but come on. man.
[somber music]
I'm a father to her.
- Stepfather.
Did you adopt Mackenzie?
- I couldn't.
She has a junkie father
running around somewhere.
He and Angela divorced
when we met.
Look. the thing is...
I love Mackenzie
like she's my own
and I thought I was doing
the right thing.
- [sighs]
- The doctor at the hospital
let me hear the heartbeat.
It was the most unreal
feeling ever.
- And you didn't tell
your dad?
- Stepdad.
and I was going to.
It's just Garrett is a little
hard to talk to sometimes.
The baby's only
eight weeks old.
- Did you tell
the baby's father?
- He wouldn't care.
- Well. how do you know that?
- I don't want to talk
about it.
Can I go to school now?
I have a math quiz
and it's super important.
- Not quite yet. Mackenzie.
So I know that this is
difficult to talk about.
but we need to know
the details of what happened.
So the first question
I want to ask you is...
were you upset about
how this happened?
- Why do you even care?
I'm old enough to make
my own decisions.
- No one is saying you're not.
We're concerned though and
your stepfather's concerned.
- Listen. we just want
what's best for you.
- Okay.
He was just some guy.
- What was his name?
- I don't know.
I was buying yogurt
in Whole Foods.
We started talking.
It was only one time
in his car.
- So he's old enough to drive.
- You don't understand.
I wanted to; he didn't
force me or anything like that.
- Listen. Mackenzie.
if he was a grown man.
it's not okay.
- So what color was the car?
- It was blue.
A BMW. I think.
- Great. that's very helpful.
Mackenzie.
And what else can
you remember about him?
- Why?
- Because under the law.
Mackenzie.
what he did to you
may be rape.
♪
- Is she okay?
- She's fine. considering.
- Did she say who
the father was?
- She said it's a man that
she met at Whole Foods.
She doesn't know his name.
- That's ridiculous.
- Yeah. I know.
She's--
she's covering for somebody.
- Why would she do that?
- Because she's 13 years old
and this is a lot to handle.
- She'll come around in time.
- Well. and if she doesn't?
- Do you know anybody
that drives a blue BMW?
- No.
Why?
- Mr. Howard. would you mind
taking a look at this?
Anybody here ring a bell?
- Where did you get this?
- Our computer geeks found it
on Mackenzie's fake
Instagram account.
- It's just an account where
she can hide stuff from you.
- "Send nudes they said.
It'd be fun they said. lolz."
That doesn't even sound
like Mackenzie.
- Do you recognize them?
- Well. they must be
from her school.
- This is middle school.
Our biggest problems are
cyberbullying and texting.
not teen pregnancy.
- Well. unfortunately
that's where we are.
Now what can you tell us
about Mackenzie?
- She's bright. popular.
gets good grades.
She never gets in trouble.
- Have you noticed
a behavioral change
in her recently?
- Honestly. no.
She's always been a standout
student. super involved.
Volleyball.
school play. art club.
- Look. uh. is there--
is there someone
that she could've
confided in?
Maybe. uh. a--a close friend
or something?
- I can ask around
but I can assure you.
whatever happened to her
didn't happen here.
- Okay. hey. Father.
I need you to look at one more
thing for me. all right?
These two boys.
they go to school here?
- Yes. of course.
Uh. Logan Larson
and Chase Madera.
- Okay. we're going to need
to talk to them.
- We were at Chase's
hanging out.
His dad was home.
Nothing. like.
sexual happened.
- All right. well.
then tell me. Logan.
why did she write that
you asked to send nudes?
- I-I was screwing around.
I don't know.
She never did send them.
- Did you ever date Mackenzie?
- No. I mean. we're friends.
you know?
- But you thought about it.
- Sure.
I mean...
- Okay. listen.
I know what you mean.
- No. it's not like that.
Mack is just one of those girls
who is always touching you.
- Touching how?
- Like she puts her hand
on yours. stuff like that.
Makes you think...
- Makes you think what. Logan?
- That she wants to be
closer than you really are.
but I never did anything.
- I used to think it was
because she was shy.
- But now?
- I realized she wants you
to lean in real close.
- How close?
- Close enough
to smell her perfume.
It was like blueberries
or something.
- Huh. Did you like that?
- Sure.
I mean. the girls around here
aren't allowed
to wear that stuff.
Most of them follow the rules.
- But not Mackenzie?
- I guess.
- Did you ever get past the.
uh. the smelling stage?
- I tried to kiss her a couple
of times but we never did.
She's a tease.
- Did that make you mad?
- More like confused.
Maybe the whole thing
was an act.
- Or maybe she was
a scared 13-year-old girl.
- Yeah. tell that to Dreyfus.
- Who's that?
- He teaches drama.
but the real drama is
what goes on backstage.
That's what I've heard anyways.
- She's a natural.
Hey. do you mind?
We're having a dress rehearsal
tomorrow.
- Nah. it's all good.
You ever worked one-on-one
with Mackenzie?
- Alone?
Yeah. sure.
I read lines with her.
I do with all the students.
- Maybe a little more often
with Mackenzie?
- Yeah. what with her being
such a natural and all.
- [chuckles]
You're kidding me. right?
I would think a couple
of detectives
would see right through
student gossip.
Hormones set
teenage fantasies flying.
- This may be a little more
than fantasy. Mr. Dreyfus.
- Mackenzie Tolliver
is pregnant.
- She's only 13.
[dramatic music]
Oh. my God.
You think that I'm the father.
- Yeah.
- Is there a reason
that we shouldn't?
- Look. I never touched
that girl
and anyone who says
I did is a liar.
- What kind of car do
you drive. Mr. Dreyfus?
- A BMW.
Why?
♪
- Let me guess. blue?
- Let's go.
- Wait. am I under arrest?
- You can be if you don't want
to come willingly.
♪
.
- I've been at Saint Matthew's
for eight years.
Why would I do something
like this now?
- One of the great mysteries
of life.
- You know. some guys. they--
they just like young girls.
- The younger the better.
- Have you asked around
the school?
I've got a great record.
I've never been accused
of anything like this.
- Well. everybody's got
to start somewhere.
- Okay. okay. you say
that she's pregnant?
I'll give blood. DNA.
whatever you want.
- That's exactly
what we want to hear.
- Absolutely not.
- I thought you wanted to know
who the father was.
- I did. but judging by
the looks on your faces now.
uh. I'm not so sure.
- Even if Mackenzie was raped?
- Look. she doesn't see it
that way
and at this point.
she's decided
she's keeping the baby.
- So what?
So--wait. wait.
you're--you're fine
with what happened
to your daughter?
- I have to be.
I loved Mack's mom.
I love Mack.
[solemn music]
I'm in this for the long haul.
And the last thing we need is
some stranger butting in
and demanding rights that
he doesn't deserve.
Look. this is
what Mackenzie wants!
- Mackenzie's a child.
She doesn't know
what she wants.
- Yes. she does.
And if that changes.
we'll reconsider.
- So the way this usually works
is first. there's a crime.
and then we go to court
and we nail the person
that did it.
- We can't tell
if there's a crime
until we know who
the father is.
- We think it was an adult?
- She won't say. and unless
we can get her
to take a paternity test.
then we won't know who
the father is
and we don't know
if she was raped.
- You realize her attorney's
going to argue some form of
my body my choice?
- She's 13 years old. Peter.
- And then we're gonna get hit
with a heavy dose
of her right to privacy.
- Is there a chance?
Just--is there even a chance?
- As long as judges are human.
there's a chance.
- Hey. Stone got the motion
put on tomorrow's calendar.
- Good for you.
- Well. don't be so excited
about it.
- What I meant was. Liv.
is it's good for you.
I'm not so sure how good
it is for Mackenzie.
- There's a chance that we're
looking at statutory rape.
- There's a chance we're not.
I mean. Dreyfus
offered up his DNA.
Well. what can I say?
It makes my skin crawl
a little bit thinking about
a court violating
a minor's privacy.
You know. because let's say
for the sake of argument that
the father is Zack or Jake or
some other middle schooler.
Why ruin his life too?
- I didn't know a baby
ruined anyone's life.
- You know what I mean.
You know. maybe she--she's--
she's keeping the burden off
another 13-year-old.
Maybe she's being righteous
by--by keeping him in the dark.
- And if it's a 40-year-old
drama teacher?
- [sighs]
I mean. did you?
- Did I what?
- Yeah. when you were pregnant.
did you let the father
know before you...
- Before I what?
- [sighs]
You're making me say it?
We were standing right here
and you told me you
had an abortion.
- I-I never said that.
- So I dreamt it?
- No. Amanda.
what I said was...
is that regret can be
an awful thing to live with
and so you assumed...
- Yeah. and you let me.
- I did.
and I'm sorry. Amanda.
It's just--it's a
very complicated story
and I didn't want
to get into it.
- So it's a privacy thing.
which--which was
my argument to begin with
in this conversation.
All right?
- Okay.
- What the hell?
Mackenzie.
- I'm so sorry. I didn't--
- Are you this Lieutenant
she's yapping about?
- I'm Lieutenant Benson.
- $19.65.
- I'm sorry?
- That's what was on the meter.
Who takes a cab
without money?
- Here.
Thanks.
- A tip would be appreciated.
- [scoffs]
- I hope you learned something.
young lady.
- I'm so sorry.
I was gonna call.
It's just
Garrett took my phone.
- Okay. that's why
we're here. Mackenzie.
Are you okay?
What's--
what's going on?
- I don't know.
I told Garrett
that it was Mr. Dreyfus.
- What did he say?
- He was so upset.
Mr. D's a good guy.
I didn't want him
to get in trouble.
I just thought that.
with the blood test.
you'd figure out anyway
and I'm sorry about the money.
- Mackenzie. where is
your stepfather right now?
- I don't know.
I told him and he left.
- Did he say where
he was going?
- No. he slammed the door.
He was so mad.
- Okay. honey. I want you to
have a seat right here.
I'll be right back.
[police sirens wail]
[tense music]
♪
NYPD!
Mr. Dreyfus?
Mr. Howard.
put the weapon down now.
- No.
- I didn't mean to.
- [sighs]
.
- I was so angry.
I didn't know what I was doing.
Has your blood ever boiled.
Mr. Stone?
She's only 13.
I mean. how could he?
- Please tell us what happened.
Mr. Howard.
- Go on.
- Uh. Mack told me about
the theater teacher.
uh. Mr. Dreyfus.
And I had met him last spring
after the Easter play.
and all I could think about
is his hairy body
on top of my sw--my sweet...
[chuckles]
- Okay.
Um. what did you say
to Mr. Dreyfus?
- I asked him how could he.
I asked him
what kind of animal...
and I told him there was
a special place in hell
waiting just for him.
- What did he say to you?
- [sighs]
He told me to leave
and I said I wouldn't until he
told me to my face what he did.
- And did he?
- He just smiled.
This cruel heartless smile
and he told me to leave again
and I couldn't move.
And I'm so filled with--with
anger. with so much hate.
And he--he pushed me.
I-I pushed him back.
and--and then--
[sniffs]
- And then what. Mr. Howard?
- I saw the trophy.
It was on the coffee table.
I grabbed it and I swung.
And as soon as I saw him
lying there. not moving.
I was filled with guilt.
One sin does
not justify another and--
- I think that's enough.
Obviously he was under
extreme emotional distress.
- I can't go lower than
Man Two.
- How much?
- Two years. one probation.
- You're kidding!
- He killed a man.
- And what jury is
going to convict him?
Thanks but no thanks.
- There's a Mr. Woodward here.
Says it's about
the Quentin Dreyfus murder.
- Send him in.
- Thank you for seeing me.
- What can I do for you.
Mr. Woodward?
- Uh. I knew Quentin Dreyfus.
In fact.
I knew him very well.
- Have a seat.
I'm sorry for your loss.
- Can I get you something?
Water?
- Oh. I'm fine.
Well. like I'll ever
be fine again.
I loved Quentin
and he loved me.
- I see.
- What those people
are saying about him.
that he had sex with
that student. it can't be true.
He wouldn't.
- Were you in
a serious relationship?
- We were going
to get married next summer.
- I'm sorry. you've--you've
caught me completely off guard.
Uh. nobody told me that--
- Of course. of course
they didn't--they didn't know.
Do you know what would happen
to him at that school
if they found out?
- Did you live together?
- I asked him to move in
but he was afraid a student
or a teacher would find out.
- And there's absolutely
no chance he--
- No.
He's never had sex
with a woman.
- His student.
Mackenzie Tolliver--
- Is lying.
I have no idea why.
but she is.
- Is there anyone else
who can confirm this?
- Would my whole family
be good enough?
All of our friends?
♪
Is it--is it true that he was
killed with a bowling trophy?
- It is.
- The West Village Pin Poppers.
It's an LGBTQ league.
That's where we met.
Anyway. I thought that
you should know.
Not that it matters now.
- Thank you.
Thank you for your time.
[sighs]
Liv. it's Peter.
Something stinks.
- Mr. Kayman. the lawyer.
he said that Garrett would be
out on bail before dinner.
He spoke to Family Services
so I could stay home.
- And you're okay with that?
- With my teacher being dead
or that my stepdad's the one--
It was my fault
that he went over there.
It was an accident. right?
- Mackenzie. it's--
it's normal to be afraid.
to be sad. to be scared.
I can--I can help you
find a place to stay tonight.
- No. no. no.
It's fine.
I'm just--
I'm focusing on dinner.
- What are you making?
- Veal chops.
Garrett's favorite.
[chuckles]
- When I was 13. the only thing
I could make was Pop-Tarts.
- Um. my mom taught me.
She used to cook
every night for him.
- You loved her very much. huh?
- I still do.
I miss her.
- Mackenzie. I need to talk
to you about something.
- No. I can't.
Not right now.
- Sweetie. it's important.
I'm not sure that
you're telling me the truth
about Mr. Dreyfus.
- I am.
- Okay.
Well. then. would you mind
telling me
exactly how it happened.
All right?
You said that
you didn't know his name
and you said that you met
in Whole Foods.
- Well. I didn't want
to get him in trouble.
- Well. that's understandable
but I think maybe
there's somebody else
that you don't want to get
in trouble.
- You're clueless.
- Well. then clue me in.
Mackenzie. do you feel safe
when you're at home
with Garrett?
- He's not gonna hurt me.
Wait. you think he put
this baby in me?
- Did he?
- It was Mr. Dreyfus.
Now that he's dead.
I can't even prove it.
- Well. we don't think
that it was him.
And if Garrett killed Dreyfus
because of your lie...
- It only matters if he knows
I was lying. right?
I have to go.
Garrett doesn't like it
when I'm late.
- Well. she's right.
If Garrett didn't know
she was lying about Dreyfus.
he still has a defense.
- My point is--is that
she's in eighth grade.
- You think she wanted Garrett
to kill Dreyfus?
- A teenager? I don't think
she thinks anything through.
But I know that
she's protecting somebody
and my--my gut tells me
that it's Garrett.
- I'll just have to put her
on the stand to find out.
- My Lieutenant and I
rushed over to
Mr. Dreyfus's apartment.
Mr. Dreyfus was on the floor.
He was dead
and Garrett Howard
was sitting on the couch
holding a bowling trophy.
- Was this the trophy.
Detective?
- Yes.
- Huh. I mean this--this could
really do some damage.
- Objection.
- You made your point.
Mr. Stone.
- That's all.
[clears throat]
- When you arrive at
the deceased's apartment.
did Mr. Howard try to run?
- No.
- Did he deny hitting
Mr. Dreyfus with the trophy?
- No.
- Did he say anything to you?
- He said. "I didn't mean to."
- Thank you. Detective.
- Witness may step down.
- The people call
Mackenzie Tolliver.
- Objection.
- She's 13 years old.
Your Honor.
She's perfectly competent
to testify.
- Approach. Your Honor.
- This better be good.
Mr. Kayman.
- [sighs]
- Well?
- Well. this is a bit awkward.
- Objecting without grounds
usually is.
- The proposed witness
is unable to testify
because her communications with
the defendant are privileged.
- I'm sorry. I'm--I'm not aware
of any stepfather/stepdaughter
privilege.
- Neither am I. counselor.
- Yeah. but I'm sure you both
are aware of spousal privilege.
The defendant and Ms. Tolliver.
or should I say Mrs. Howard.
are legally married.
[tense music]
♪
Here is the original
marriage license.
It's from Missouri.
And a copy for you.
- Well...
that's enough for today.
We're adjourned.
[gavel thuds]
- [sighs]
.
- The marriage license was duly
recorded in a courthouse
in Caruthersville. Missouri.
on August 27. 2018.
- It's a year after
her mother died.
She was too young to even know
what marriage means.
- It's bonkers.
Almost 20 states have
no minimum age for marriage.
Over 200.000 kids
were married since 1999.
some as young as 11.
Turns out Caruthersville is a
real hot spot for child brides.
- So this marriage is legal.
- Maybe.
Under the Missouri statute.
a child under 16
can get married
as long as they have the
consent of a blood relative.
- Okay.
Now this consent was
executed by Marcus Tolliver.
That's Mackenzie's father.
- He's a junkie
who's in the wind.
- Right. he was in Rikers.
he did three years
for attempted burglary.
he got released
four years ago.
and then nothing until this.
- Track him down.
Relatives. family. friends.
- She got a. uh. she's got
an aunt in Connecticut.
Penelope Archer.
- Go.
- Why didn't she call me?
She didn't do anything wrong.
Garrett killed that man.
She's moving in with me
and that is it.
- It's--it's not that simple.
- What are you talking about?
I will go to the courthouse
and I will tell them that--
- Um. listen.
she and Garrett are married.
- She's 13.
- Apparently that's legal
in Missouri.
- Missouri.
- Yeah. that's not all.
She's pregnant.
- With his child?
- That's what they're saying.
- Oh. my God.
Oh. that sick pervert.
- Were you and Mackenzie close?
- I'm her aunt.
When Angela died.
I tried to get closer.
I. you know. we'd go down into
the city for girls' trips.
shopping. brunch.
But after a while.
she started to shut me out
and now I know why.
I should've known.
- You can't blame yourself.
- No. she should've
been living here.
It's not like Garrett
was even family.
- Well. speaking of which.
we're--we're trying to locate
Mackenzie's father.
- [chuckles]
Now there's a first class
screw-up for you.
Seems like Angela had
a thing for them.
He went to prison. you know.
- Have you spoken to him
since he was released?
- He came here asking for money
after we buried Angela.
"Pay up
or I'll take Mackenzie."
- So you paid him.
- Christ.
You know. to think
that I thought
Mackenzie would be better off
with Garrett.
I gave him about
five grand in cash
and I told him never
come back here.
And when he's broke.
he just calls.
- So you have his address.
- I have an old one.
Uh. he's not exactly the type
that stays in one place
for long.
[handle rattling]
- Who are you?
- NYPD--I need to talk
to Marcus Tolliver.
- Never heard of him.
- Lola. I need a lighter.
- Shall I introduce you?
- She's a cop.
What the hell
did you do this time?
- I'm here to talk to you
about your daughter.
- You have a kid?
- Oh. shut up.
Did something happen
to Mack?
- Well. first of all.
she's pregnant.
- Just like her mom.
- Oh. that's okay though
'cause she's married. right?
- Look. she said
she loved the guy.
What do you want from me?
- Yeah. I would ask
what you were thinking.
but I don't--I don't see much
of that going on here.
- Oh. you come to
my house to insult me?
- How much did Garrett pay you?
- For what?
- Are you stuck on stupid.
Marcus?
How much did he pay you
to sign the consent form?
Fine.
[handcuffs clicking]
- Okay. okay.
He gave me ten grand.
♪
- They're married?
- Under Missouri law.
it's perfectly legal.
The duly authorized license
is attached to our papers.
- I saw it.
That doesn't mean I believe it.
And I hope that one of you
will tell me why
I don't have to give
full faith and credit
to our sister state's law.
- As noted in our
Motion to Annul.
Missouri Law requires consent
of a blood relative.
It is our position that
Mr. Tolliver was not acting
under his own free will
when he consented.
- How so?
- He was bribed. Your Honor.
- He was hard up.
I gave him some cash.
- How much?
- I don't recall.
- $10.000 is hard to forget.
- And you've changed your mind.
Mr. Tolliver?
- She's only 13. Judge.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
- Okay. Mr. Stone.
I assume that your motion
isn't purely altruistic.
What is your real agenda here?
- Mr. Howard is currently on
trial for Manslaughter.
- And you'd like to call
the young lady as witness.
- The trial is continued until
this matter can be resolved.
- I see.
We'll take a five minute break
and then I will hear
from the bride.
- I think I've always
loved him.
From the first time I saw him.
- When was that?
- When he started dating Mom.
He made us so happy.
He would read me
his books before bed.
His voice was like gold
or something.
I always got goosebumps.
- So you loved him like you
would a rock star?
- No.
- A father?
- I wouldn't know about that.
I've never had a father.
Your Honor. that man
sitting right there.
I don't even know him.
He left before I was even born
and any law that says I need
his permission to be happy
is a stupid law.
And I love him like
a wife loves a husband.
- Like your mother loved him.
- That's right.
- What do you think she would
say about your marriage?
- She'd be happy
that I found a good man.
just like she did.
- You mean the same man.
don't you?
- You don't know anything.
Before Mom died. she told me
to take care of him.
- I doubt this is
what she meant.
- That's enough.
Okay.
A court in the state of
Missouri has already found
that Mr. Tolliver's consent
is valid.
As such. barring fraud.
I am collaterally estopped--
- The father was bribed
to consent. Your Honor.
- Your bribe is Mr. Howard's
charitable contribution.
As I was saying.
I'm collaterally estopped
from finding Mr. Tolliver's
consent invalid.
As such. giving full faith
and credit to Missouri law.
I hold that the marriage
is valid in New York.
[dramatic music]
♪
.
- You're telling me
this marriage is kosher?
- According to Judge Calahan
in the Family Court. it is.
- Ergo Mackenzie cannot testify
against my client.
Because of the sensitive
nature of the relationship
between Mackenzie
and my client.
I move that any mention of said
relationship be prohibited.
- On what grounds?
- Clearly. said relationship
is more prejudicial
than probative.
- Your client is on trial for
killing his wife's teacher.
His marital status
is surely relevant.
- All due respect. Your Honor.
you literally turned green
when I brought it up.
- Truth be told. I'm feeling
a little ill right now.
- That's my point exactly.
A jury will convict him
based on
his alternative
marriage status
and not because of his actions.
- Let's just get this over
with. shall we?
Mr. Kayman's Motion
to exclude references
to the marriage is granted.
We'll pick this up
where we left off.
tomorrow morning.
10:00 a.m.
- Yeah.
Your Honor.
- This is preposterous.
So the law doesn't care
how sick this is.
- Look. bottom line.
to a jury.
Garret's just an irate father
who confronted the man
he thought was sleeping
with his stepdaughter.
- Even though he's the one
that was raping her.
- Yeah. it's not statutory rape
if they're married.
- Bet you thought
you'd never say that.
- Hey. Stone. I looked into
those dates you asked me to.
Mackenzie's first
OB-GYN appointment
was six months
after they were married.
- Which means we can't prove
he married her
just to avoid a rape charge.
- What if he didn't?
- What if he really does
love her?
- Then he'd protect her.
It's worth a shot.
- I want to see them tomorrow
before the trial.
- Okay. we're here.
Why?
You got me.
It's too late for a deal.
Stone.
- I'm considering dropping the
charges against your client.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. no thanks necessary.
He wasn't going to win anyway.
- I'm charging you. Mackenzie.
- What?
- You can't do that.
- Actually. he can.
Mackenzie. you're the one who
put the false idea
in Garrett's head that you
were sleeping with Mr. Dreyfus.
- And it's completely
foreseeable that a stepfather
would take vengeance
against the man
sexually preying
on his stepdaughter.
[tense music]
- Especially when the two
of you are so close.
♪
- Do something!
- Stop!
- Mackenzie. you should know
that your baby will be born
in prison.
- Stop!
- Don't say anything!
- I killed Dreyfus. I had to.
- No. you didn't!
He wasn't going
to say anything!
- You should never have
told him about us.
- He was my friend.
After the cops talked to him.
they told him I was pregnant.
He came to me.
he was worried about me.
but he promised
not to say anything.
- I lost your mother.
I couldn't take the chance that
anyone would find out about us.
- But your marriage was legal.
There's nothing
to be ashamed of. unless...
- I am not ashamed!
You look at her.
How could you not fall in love
with someone so beautiful
and so sweet?
An angel sent from heaven
to bless my life.
to bless me.
and look at us now.
Your stupid laws
have ruined us.
My whole life
I've searched for real love
and I found it.
What was I supposed to do?
- Waiting till she was 18
would've been a good start.
- About that deal?
- Man One. he does 20.
- Max is 25.
- Take it or I'll add
statutory rape.
- You--you can't prove that.
- There's no spousal privilege
when child abuse is involved.
- What jury is going
to believe that you waited
until you were married
to sleep with someone
that you loved so much?
Get this douche out of here.
- No. no. please!
Don't do this!
- Baby. I love you. I love you.
- No. no!
- Listen to me.
you have to let him go.
Let him--
- [sobbing]
♪
What are you doing here?
- I care about you.
- Right. that's why
you ruined my life?
- [scoffs] He killed
your friend. Mackenzie.
He manipulated you.
- I wanted to.
- No. he made you think
that you wanted to.
- You're just jealous.
- Mackenzie.
I didn't know your mother.
but I guarantee you she
wouldn't have approved of you
getting married at this age.
- How do you know?
- Because I know that
she loved you
and I know she would've done
anything to protect you.
Just like I would do anything
to protect my son
and keep him happy
and keep him safe.
Just like you would do anything
to protect your baby.
Honey. I know that this is
hard to see right now.
- Why?
Because I'm just a kid?
- No. honey.
that's a good thing.
That's a great thing
and it's--it's a mistake
to run away from that.
- I'm not stupid. you know.
- I know that.
But you were vulnerable
and Garrett took
advantage of that.
- I took good care of him.
- Honey. I know.
- When he looked at me.
it made me feel...
- Wanted?
Needed?
- Loved?
Like I was a real woman.
- Oh. sweetheart.
But. sweetheart. you're not...
yet.
The truth of the matter is
you should've been out
riding bikes with your friends.
gossiping with your friends.
and Garrett took something
from you that is...
that is irreplaceable.
- My childhood?
[somber music]
- Mackenzie. but what
I can promise you...
♪
Is the way your baby
is gonna look at you.
It's going to make you feel...
more loved.
more needed than
you can ever imagine.
But it's an awesome
responsibility.
- I bet you're a good mom.
- [chuckles]
I don't know.
It's just trial and error.
- At least you didn't die.
- Sweetheart.
Oh. sweetheart.
Sweetheart.
- [sobbing]
- Oh. honey.
♪
.
[dramatic music]
♪
[wolf howling]